Privacy Policy

Daniel Tisza built the Khumeia app as a Free app.
This SERVICE is provided by Daniel Tisza at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.

Information Collection and Use

No personally identifiable data is collected. 
The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

Log Data

No log data is collected.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. 
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these "cookies". 

Service Providers

This Service does not use third-party companies and individuals.

Security

No personally identifiable is collected or transmitted unsecurely.

Links to Other Sites

This Service does not contain links to other sites. 

Children’s Privacy

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. 
I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. 
I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. 
If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. 

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. 
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2023-12-26

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at dadatis@gmail.com.

Template for this privacy policy page was initially created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator.
